updated siem forward option (#1932)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/send-data/hosted-collectors/cloud-to-cloud-integration-framework/crowdstrike-fdr-host-inventory.md

## Metadata Field

> Metadata fields will be set, if the integration is configured with the SIEM forward option. See **Metadata Fields** table below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you've configured your integration with the Cloud SIEM forward option, metadata fields will be set. See **Metadata Fields** table below:
```

Author: Done
